=Reincarnated Love=
=Episode 19=
So, you are Chancellor Jiang's daughter.
(Huo Linchuan.)
Hand him over
to me.
(I did it.)
(Just as the immortal foretold,)
(I'm the variable
in Huo Linchuan's fate.)
(Huo Linchuan,)
(Father, Mother,)
(I will change the ending this time.)
Step aside.
Why capture my father?
My father is the Duke,
yet he's been wrongfully imprisoned.
Tell me. Who stands to gain?
Other than Chancellor Jiang,
who else
is so powerful?
(Why would he falsely accuse my father?)
(Has he forgotten me?)
Mr. Huo.
Please, discern the truth.
There must be some schemer behind this.
I have served for over 30 years.
My life has always been one of caution.
How would I dare frame the Duke?
Huo...
Mr. Huo.
Baseless words mean nothing.
Such recklessness is unlike you.
You have not a shred of proof.
How can you declare my father guilty?
You must've been deceived by a traitor.
(Huo Linchuan,)
(have you truly lost all your memories?)
You don't believe me?
The proof you wanted.
On the day my father was imprisoned,
800,000 taels of silver
went into the Auspice Shop
of your family.
This is your family's ledger.
Do I still need to cross-check with you?
(Such a carefully laid trap)
(doesn't seem
like Huo Linchuan's doing.)
(Could it be Jiang Huaikang?)
(Or perhaps Lu Huaijin?)
The evidence is undeniable.
Do you have anything else to say?
Please, judge wisely.
I entrusted the Auspice Shop
to someone else three years ago.
I rarely check its accounts.
Someone is killing two birds
with one stone
by framing Duke Huo
and dragging me into disgrace.
Father.
Mr. Huo,
how can you be sure it was my father,
just based on a ledger?
Guards.
Mr. Huo,
to harm my parents,
you'll have to step over my body first.
No!
Let go of my daughter!
Let go of her!
Mr. Huo.
- Mr. Huo.
- No!
Kill me if you must.
Spare my daughter.
She has nothing to do with this.
Let go of my daughter!
Mr. Huo!
- Huo Linchuan.
- Don't!
My father...
No!
He's innocent.
Yanzhi!
Stop!
Ruoli!
Are you all right?
I'm fine.
As I told you,
I'll handle this myself.
I don't need your help.
I know you're anxious to save Father,
but the truth isn't clear yet.
(Ledger)
You mustn't act so rashly.
Don't lose your calm.
Mr. Huo,
this ledger
is a fake.
What?
(Ledger)
Every entry of the shop is recorded.
Yours should end
on the 5th of the 7th month,
yet it includes entries from the 15th.
This ledger must've been fabricated.
Two days.
Give me two days.
I'll surely prove my father's innocence.
Alright.
Then I'll grant you two days.
After two days,
if you fail to present proof,
your whole family will pay the price.
Yuan.
Are you alright?
Mother.
Father.
(Tongchen Inn)
No!
Let go of my daughter!
Mr. Huo.
Let go of her!
- Huo Linchuan.
- Mr. Huo!
- My father...
- Don't!
He's innocent.
(Why do I feel this way?)
Huai'an, Shuanghua,
you're finally back.
Thank heavens.
I heard you were ambushed
outside the city.
I was so worried about you.
Were you hurt at all?
It's nothing serious.
Father.
It's fine.
Uncle, you didn't just run fast.
You also got the news
quicker than anyone.
Yuan.
My parents returned home safely.
That's their good fortune.
It must've disappointed those hiding
in the shadows, waiting to profit
from others' misfortune.
Yuan.
Yes, yes.
You two are both safe.
You're truly blessed.
Tomorrow,
I'll go to the Huo Mansion
to ask for an explanation.
- You mustn't do that.
- Tomorrow?
We might lose our lives before then.
No need to trouble you.
I'll handle it myself.
Sure.
Huai'an, Shuanghua, please rest first.
I'll make the arrangements.
You child.
How can you speak
to your uncle like that?
Father.
(Jiang Mansion)
Yuan,
why haven't you gone to rest yet?
Mother was frightened today.
I just served her a calming soup.
She finally fell asleep.
This
is my fault.
I failed to manage the household,
so this misfortune came upon us,
making you and your mother suffer.
Father,
everything happened so suddenly.
It's not your fault.
What happened today
feels rather suspicious.
Yuan, why do you say that?
The two clans weren't close,
but there weren't old grudges.
Yet once Duke Huo was in trouble,
all blame fell on us alone.
Besides, the evidence Mr. Huo presented
was merely the shop accounts
you no longer managed.
So calculated at every step.
It's truly suspicious.
You...
You think someone's sowing discord?
Not just that.
At the lantern fair,
we were ambushed.
Yet the Huos knew where we were.
There must be an insider
who leaked our whereabouts.
Father,
I have a plan.
(Jiang Mansion)
(Huo Linchuan,)
(why don't you remember me?)
No!
Let go of my daughter!
Mr. Huo.
Let go of her!
You are the mistress of the Huo clan.
And you are my wife.
Ruyan,
it's been so long.
Don't you miss me?
Look at your delicate face.
Master Huaikang, please don't do this.
Ruyan.
Ruyan?
Yes, milady.
Master Huaikang, I shall take my leave.
Milady, you were frightened.
Have a bowl of calming soup.
How thoughtful of you.
Milady,
it's what I ought to do.
Mr. Lu sent these lanterns.
He said you liked them
at the lantern fair.
Ruyan,
though you're my maid,
I've always seen you as my dear sister.
If you ever feel wronged,
you must tell me right away.
Even if the sky falls,
I'll bear it for you.
Thanks, milady.
Go back and rest.
Yes,
Mr. Huo,
this ledger
is a fake.
What?
(Ledger)
Every entry of the shop is recorded.
Yours should end
on the 5th of the 7th month,
yet it includes entries from the 15th.
This ledger must've been fabricated.
(Lu Huaijin,)
(I actually believed)
(that playing this deep-affection act
with you)
(could save my parents' lives.)
What a fine show of devotion,
Yunzhou.
♪The dream shattered♪
♪Like illusion, yet true♪
♪Like a restless soul♪
♪How vague♪
♪Rain and blood, drifting wild♪
♪A blade of frost in dreams♪
♪Love and hate entwined♪
♪Rise and fall, yet never fade♪
♪How can I turn the tides
of this fleeting life♪
♪When fate falls apart♪
♪Memories return,
carving tears upon my face♪
♪Yet I can't hold on♪
♪Only warmth remains
where longing once burned♪
♪Life after life♪
♪Fated to meet, but never meant to be♪
♪Still, I refuse to bow or yield♪
♪In this life, love becomes my blade♪
♪To break free from reincarnation♪
♪All past affairs tangled with regret♪
♪Now shatter apart♪
♪By fate and karmic ties confined♪
♪Is this fate or calamity♪
♪Is it life, death, or parting pain♪
♪I ask only for a moment of peace,
as devout as my heart♪
♪In the next life, grant me one kiss♪
♪To kiss the snow upon the brows,
and the depths of your gaze♪
♪For once we kissed,
destiny bound us to never part♪
♪This fleeting life feels but a dream♪
♪Sober or indulge♪
♪I only wish to be with you,
with all my heart♪